docs(oidc): Connectors warning regarding OIDC (#3099)
camunda/camunda-docs: docs/self-managed/platform-deployment/helm-kubernetes/guides/connect-to-an-oidc-provider.md

For authentication, the Camunda components use the scopes `email`, `openid`, and `offline_access`.

:::note
Web Modeler and the Connectors do not yet support authentication with a generic OIDC provider.

> When using OIDC, please disable Connectors in your deployment (see https://docs.camunda.io/docs/next/self-managed/platform-deployment/helm-kubernetes/guides/connect-to-an-oidc-provider/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When using OIDC, please disable Connectors in your deployment (see https://github.com/camunda/camunda-platform-helm/blob/main/charts/camunda-platform/values.yaml#L2572).
```

Reviewer 2: Or https://docs.camunda.io/docs/next/guides/devops-lifecycle/integrate-web-modeler-in-ci-cd/?

Reviewer 2: Regardless, let's make sure to use `[anchor text like this for links]()`.

Reviewer: Let's use https://github.com/camunda/camunda-platform-helm/blob/main/charts/camunda-platform/values.yaml#L2572 please.

@christinaausley can you please change the PR? (I am not at my laptop anymore)

Reviewer 2: Please get some sleep @MaxTru 😄 I'll get this adjusted.

To successfully authenticate wth Entra ID, you should use the `v2.0` API. This means that
the `CAMUNDA_IDENTITY_ISSUER_BACKEND_URL` value should end with `/v2.0`.

:::note

> Connectors do not yet support authentication with Microsoft Entra ID as the OIDC provider. When using OIDC, please disable Connectors in your deployment (see https://docs.camunda.io/docs/next/self-managed/platform-deployment/helm-kubernetes/guides/connect-to-an-oidc-provider/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Connectors do not yet support authentication with Microsoft Entra ID as the OIDC provider. When using OIDC, please disable Connectors in your deployment (see https://github.com/camunda/camunda-platform-helm/blob/main/charts/camunda-platform/values.yaml#L2572).
```
